# RootAround-Website
I created this website to provide a Quick Start Guide, tutorials, and an introduction to the Java/MySQL desktop app that I developed called Root Around. 

Root Around is a personal, fully customizable command repository for System and Database Administrators or anyone else who frequently has to run commands on a command line, in a database, or in a computer system. Commands are organized by topic and sorted by how to do various tasks, rather than by command/utility name alone. Many utilities have obscure names, and many times administrators know what they need to do but they do not know or remember the command or utility name that they need to run. With being able to search by task in addition to searching by command name, Root Around allows administrators to more quickly find what they need to run while also providing instructions on how they need to run it.
                       
Root Around currently offers hundreds of commands for Oracle and SQL Server database administration, and AIX, Linux and Windows administration. The commands were curated by an Oracle/SQL Server Database Administrator who developed Root Around to end the days of having to say and hear from others "Give me five minutes while I root around my assortment of text files where I've written notes over the years to find that command." Root Around also provides administrators the ability to add and remove commands, edit commands, write their own notes for each command, add new platforms, and easily share commands and platforms with other Root Around users, so the Command Box has the ability to grow and be tailored to everyone's specific needs, for administrators of any platform. Root Around can be kept private used solely for personal use, and/or it can also be shared within a team as it has the ability to connect to and change connections between local and/or remote databases.                  
                    
Using Root Around makes the life of any administrator easier and more organized. All of the commands that an administrator will ever have to run can be stored in one easily accessible, highly organized and fully customizable tool that offers quick and easy lookup. Long and complex queries are quickly copied with a simple double click. Rooting around for commands now only takes a couple seconds and a lot less frustration with Root Around, allowing any administrator to be the most super root user they can be.
